-- Namespace: http://viptela.com/bridge

VIPTELA-BRIDGE DEFINITIONS ::= BEGIN
IMPORTS
    MODULE-IDENTITY, OBJECT-TYPE,
    Integer32, Unsigned32, Counter32, Counter64,
    Gauge32, IpAddress
        FROM SNMPv2-SMI
    TEXTUAL-CONVENTION, RowStatus, DateAndTime,
    TruthValue
        FROM SNMPv2-TC
    viptela
        FROM VIPTELA-GLOBAL
;

viptela-bridge MODULE-IDENTITY
    LAST-UPDATED "202007010000Z"
    ORGANIZATION "Viptela, Inc."
    CONTACT-INFO "Viptela, Inc.  Email:support@viptela.com"
    DESCRIPTION "This module defines the data model for Bridge management"
    REVISION "202007010000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 20.3"
    REVISION "202002240000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 20.1"
    REVISION "201911150000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 19.3"
    REVISION "201908150000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 19.2"
    REVISION "201811010000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 18.4"
    REVISION "201808200000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 18.3.1"
    REVISION "201806250000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 18.3"
    REVISION "201804250000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 18.2"
    REVISION "201803150000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 18.1.1"
    REVISION "201801160000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 17.2.3"
    REVISION "201711010000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 17.2.1"
    REVISION "201708010000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 17.2"
    REVISION "201705250000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 17.1.1"
    REVISION "201704060000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 17.1"
    REVISION "201702150000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.3.2"
    REVISION "201702060000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.3.1"
    REVISION "201611160000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.3"
    REVISION "201610250000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.2.10"
    REVISION "201610240000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.2.4"
    REVISION "201608100000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.2.2"
    REVISION "201608010000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.2.1"
    REVISION "201606090000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.2"
    REVISION "201604220000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.1.1"
    REVISION "201603150000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 16.1"
    REVISION "201601300000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 15.4.3"
    REVISION "201512280000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 15.4.1"
    REVISION "201512010000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 15.4.0"
    REVISION "201510310000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 15.3.5"
    REVISION "201509270000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 15.3.3"
    REVISION "201509010000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 15.3.1"
    REVISION "201507010000Z"
    DESCRIPTION "Viptela Revision 15.3"
    ::= { viptela 10 }

UnsignedShort ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
    DISPLAY-HINT "d"
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "xs:unsignedShort"
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32 (0 .. 65535)

ConfdString ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
    DISPLAY-HINT "1t"
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "xs: and confd: types mapped to strings"
    SYNTAX      OCTET STRING

String ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
    DISPLAY-HINT "1t"
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "xs:string"
    SYNTAX      OCTET STRING

-- Configure a bridge instance
-- tagpath /bridge
bridge OBJECT IDENTIFIER ::= { viptela-bridge 1 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table
bridgeTableTable OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      SEQUENCE OF BridgeTableEntry
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Display bridge table"
    ::= { bridge 4 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table
bridgeTableEntry OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      BridgeTableEntry
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    INDEX { bridgeTableBridgeId }
        ::= { bridgeTableTable 1 }

BridgeTableEntry ::=
    SEQUENCE {
        bridgeTableBridgeId Unsigned32,
        bridgeTableName String,
        bridgeTableVlan UnsignedShort,
        bridgeTableRoutingInterface String,
        bridgeTableMaxMacs Unsigned32,
        bridgeTableNumMacs Unsigned32,
        bridgeTableAgeTime Unsigned32,
        bridgeTableRxPackets Counter64,
        bridgeTableRxOctets Counter64,
        bridgeTableTxPackets Counter64,
        bridgeTableTxOctets Counter64,
        bridgeTableFloodPackets Counter64,
        bridgeTableFloodOctets Counter64,
        bridgeTableRxRoutedPackets Counter64,
        bridgeTableTxRoutedPackets Counter64,
        bridgeTableLearn Unsigned32,
        bridgeTableAge Unsigned32,
        bridgeTableMove Unsigned32
    }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/bridge-id
bridgeTableBridgeId OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32 (1 .. 63)
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Bridge ID"
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 1 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/name
bridgeTableName OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String (SIZE (0 .. 32))
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 2 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/vlan
bridgeTableVlan OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      UnsignedShort
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 3 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/routing-interface
bridgeTableRoutingInterface OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String (SIZE (1 .. 32))
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 4 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/max-macs
bridgeTableMaxMacs OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 5 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/num-macs
bridgeTableNumMacs OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Number of MACs the bridge has learnt"
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 6 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/age-time
bridgeTableAgeTime OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 7 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/rx-packets
bridgeTableRxPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 8 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/rx-octets
bridgeTableRxOctets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 9 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/tx-packets
bridgeTableTxPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 10 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/tx-octets
bridgeTableTxOctets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 11 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/flood-packets
bridgeTableFloodPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 12 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/flood-octets
bridgeTableFloodOctets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 13 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/rx-routed-packets
bridgeTableRxRoutedPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 14 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/tx-routed-packets
bridgeTableTxRoutedPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 15 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/learn
bridgeTableLearn OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 16 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/age
bridgeTableAge OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 17 }

-- tagpath /bridge/table/move
bridgeTableMove OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeTableEntry 18 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface
bridgeInterfaceTable OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      SEQUENCE OF BridgeInterfaceEntry
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Display bridge interface information"
    ::= { bridge 5 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface
bridgeInterfaceEntry OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      BridgeInterfaceEntry
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    INDEX { bridgeInterfaceBridgeId, IMPLIED bridgeInterfaceIfName }
        ::= { bridgeInterfaceTable 1 }

BridgeInterfaceEntry ::=
    SEQUENCE {
        bridgeInterfaceBridgeId Unsigned32,
        bridgeInterfaceIfName String,
        bridgeInterfaceVlan UnsignedShort,
        bridgeInterfaceNativeVlan String,
        bridgeInterfaceAdminStatus String,
        bridgeInterfaceOperStatus String,
        bridgeInterfaceEncapType INTEGER,
        bridgeInterfaceIfindex Unsigned32,
        bridgeInterfaceMtu Unsigned32,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPackets Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxOctets Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPackets Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxOctets Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxErrors Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxErrors Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPps Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxKbps Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPps Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxKbps Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxArpRequests Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxArpReplies Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxArpRequests Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxArpReplies Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceArpAddFails Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxArpReplyDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxArpRateLimitDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxArpRateLimitDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxArpNonLocalDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxArpRequestFail Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxNoArpDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxIpTtlExpired Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxIpErrors Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceInterfaceDisabled Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPolicerDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxNonIpDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceFilterDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceMirrorDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceCpuPolicerDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxIcmpPolicerDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxIcmpMirroredDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceSplitHorizonDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRouteLookupFail Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceBadLabel Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxInterfaceDisabled Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxMulticastPkts Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxBroadcastPkts Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxMulticastPkts Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxBroadcastPkts Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPausePkts Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxDmacFilterDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxWredDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxInterfaceNotFound Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxInbErrors Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxOversizeErrors Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxFcsAlignErrors Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxUndersizeErrors Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxUnderflowPkts Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxCollisionDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPausePkts Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxFragmentsNeeded Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxFragments Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxFragmentDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxTailRedDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceLlqDrops Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize64 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPktSizeLt64 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize65127 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize128255 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize256511 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize5121023 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize10241518 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPktSizeGt1518 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize64 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPktSizeLt64 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize65127 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize128255 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize256511 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize5121023 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize10241518 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceTxPktSizeGt1518 Counter64,
        bridgeInterfaceRxPolicerRemark Counter64
    }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/bridge-id
bridgeInterfaceBridgeId OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32 (1 .. 63)
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "BRIDGE ID"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 1 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/if-name
bridgeInterfaceIfName OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String (SIZE (1 .. 32))
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Interface name"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 2 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/vlan
bridgeInterfaceVlan OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      UnsignedShort
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "VLAN ID associated with the bridge"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 3 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/native-vlan
bridgeInterfaceNativeVlan OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Native VLAN enabled"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 4 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/admin-status
bridgeInterfaceAdminStatus OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String (SIZE (1 .. 8))
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Interface administrative status"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 5 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/oper-status
bridgeInterfaceOperStatus OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String (SIZE (1 .. 16))
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Interface operational status"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 6 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/encap-type
bridgeInterfaceEncapType OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      INTEGER {null(0),vlan(1),ppp(2)}
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Encapsulation type"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 7 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/ifindex
bridgeInterfaceIfindex OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Interface index"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 8 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/mtu
bridgeInterfaceMtu OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "MTU"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 9 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/rx-packets
bridgeInterfaceRxPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Number of packets received"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 10 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/rx-octets
bridgeInterfaceRxOctets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Number of octets received"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 11 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/tx-packets
bridgeInterfaceTxPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Number of packets transmitted"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 12 }

-- tagpath /bridge/interface/tx-octets
bridgeInterfaceTxOctets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Number of octets transmitted"
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 13 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-errors
bridgeInterfaceRxErrors OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 14 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-drops
bridgeInterfaceRxDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 15 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-errors
bridgeInterfaceTxErrors OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 16 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-drops
bridgeInterfaceTxDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 17 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pps
bridgeInterfaceRxPps OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 18 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-kbps
bridgeInterfaceRxKbps OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 19 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pps
bridgeInterfaceTxPps OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 20 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-kbps
bridgeInterfaceTxKbps OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 21 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-arp-requests
bridgeInterfaceRxArpRequests OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 22 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-arp-replies
bridgeInterfaceTxArpReplies OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 23 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-arp-requests
bridgeInterfaceTxArpRequests OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 24 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-arp-replies
bridgeInterfaceRxArpReplies OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 25 }

-- tagpath /interface/arp-add-fails
bridgeInterfaceArpAddFails OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 26 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-arp-reply-drops
bridgeInterfaceRxArpReplyDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 27 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-arp-rate-limit-drops
bridgeInterfaceRxArpRateLimitDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 28 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-arp-rate-limit-drops
bridgeInterfaceTxArpRateLimitDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 29 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-arp-non-local-drops
bridgeInterfaceRxArpNonLocalDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 30 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-arp-request-fail
bridgeInterfaceTxArpRequestFail OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 31 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-no-arp-drops
bridgeInterfaceTxNoArpDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 32 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-ip-ttl-expired
bridgeInterfaceRxIpTtlExpired OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 33 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-ip-errors
bridgeInterfaceRxIpErrors OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 34 }

-- tagpath /interface/interface-disabled
bridgeInterfaceInterfaceDisabled OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 35 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-policer-drops
bridgeInterfaceRxPolicerDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 36 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-non-ip-drops
bridgeInterfaceRxNonIpDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 37 }

-- tagpath /interface/filter-drops
bridgeInterfaceFilterDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 38 }

-- tagpath /interface/mirror-drops
bridgeInterfaceMirrorDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 39 }

-- tagpath /interface/cpu-policer-drops
bridgeInterfaceCpuPolicerDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 40 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-icmp-policer-drops
bridgeInterfaceTxIcmpPolicerDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 41 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-icmp-mirrored-drops
bridgeInterfaceTxIcmpMirroredDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 42 }

-- tagpath /interface/split-horizon-drops
bridgeInterfaceSplitHorizonDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 43 }

-- tagpath /interface/route-lookup-fail
bridgeInterfaceRouteLookupFail OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 44 }

-- tagpath /interface/bad-label
bridgeInterfaceBadLabel OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 45 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-interface-disabled
bridgeInterfaceTxInterfaceDisabled OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 46 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-multicast-pkts
bridgeInterfaceRxMulticastPkts OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 47 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-broadcast-pkts
bridgeInterfaceRxBroadcastPkts OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 48 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-multicast-pkts
bridgeInterfaceTxMulticastPkts OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 49 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-broadcast-pkts
bridgeInterfaceTxBroadcastPkts OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 50 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pause-pkts
bridgeInterfaceRxPausePkts OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 51 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-dmac-filter-drops
bridgeInterfaceRxDmacFilterDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 52 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-wred-drops
bridgeInterfaceRxWredDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 53 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-interface-not-found
bridgeInterfaceRxInterfaceNotFound OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 54 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-inb-errors
bridgeInterfaceRxInbErrors OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 55 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-oversize-errors
bridgeInterfaceRxOversizeErrors OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 56 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-fcs-align-errors
bridgeInterfaceRxFcsAlignErrors OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 57 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-undersize-errors
bridgeInterfaceRxUndersizeErrors OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 58 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-underflow-pkts
bridgeInterfaceTxUnderflowPkts OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 59 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-collision-drops
bridgeInterfaceTxCollisionDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 60 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pause-pkts
bridgeInterfaceTxPausePkts OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 61 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-fragments-needed
bridgeInterfaceTxFragmentsNeeded OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 62 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-fragments
bridgeInterfaceTxFragments OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 63 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-fragment-drops
bridgeInterfaceTxFragmentDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 64 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-tail-red-drops
bridgeInterfaceTxTailRedDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 65 }

-- tagpath /interface/llq-drops
bridgeInterfaceLlqDrops OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 66 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pkt-size-64
bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize64 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 67 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pkt-size-lt-64
bridgeInterfaceRxPktSizeLt64 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 68 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pkt-size-65-127
bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize65127 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 69 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pkt-size-128-255
bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize128255 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 70 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pkt-size-256-511
bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize256511 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 71 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pkt-size-512-1023
bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize5121023 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 72 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pkt-size-1024-1518
bridgeInterfaceRxPktSize10241518 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 73 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-pkt-size-gt-1518
bridgeInterfaceRxPktSizeGt1518 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 74 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pkt-size-64
bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize64 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 75 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pkt-size-lt-64
bridgeInterfaceTxPktSizeLt64 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 76 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pkt-size-65-127
bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize65127 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 77 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pkt-size-128-255
bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize128255 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 78 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pkt-size-256-511
bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize256511 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 79 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pkt-size-512-1023
bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize5121023 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 80 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pkt-size-1024-1518
bridgeInterfaceTxPktSize10241518 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 81 }

-- tagpath /interface/tx-pkt-size-gt-1518
bridgeInterfaceTxPktSizeGt1518 OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 82 }

-- tagpath /interface/rx-policer-remark
bridgeInterfaceRxPolicerRemark OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeInterfaceEntry 83 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac
bridgeMacTable OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      SEQUENCE OF BridgeMacEntry
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Display MAC addresses"
    ::= { bridge 6 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac
bridgeMacEntry OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      BridgeMacEntry
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    INDEX { bridgeMacBridgeId, bridgeMacInterface, bridgeMacMacAddress }
        ::= { bridgeMacTable 1 }

BridgeMacEntry ::=
    SEQUENCE {
        bridgeMacBridgeId Unsigned32,
        bridgeMacInterface String,
        bridgeMacMacAddress String,
        bridgeMacType String,
        bridgeMacExpiryTime String,
        bridgeMacRxPackets Counter64,
        bridgeMacRxOctets Counter64,
        bridgeMacTxPackets Counter64,
        bridgeMacTxOctets Counter64
    }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/bridge-id
bridgeMacBridgeId OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Unsigned32 (1 .. 63)
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "BRIDGE ID"
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 1 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/interface
bridgeMacInterface OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String (SIZE (1 .. 32))
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Interface name"
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 2 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/mac-address
bridgeMacMacAddress OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String (SIZE (1 .. 32))
    MAX-ACCESS  not-accessible
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Hardware Address"
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 3 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/type
bridgeMacType OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "MAC address type: static/dynamic"
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 4 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/expiry-time
bridgeMacExpiryTime OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      String
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION "Time left for the entry to be aged out."
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 5 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/rx-packets
bridgeMacRxPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 6 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/rx-octets
bridgeMacRxOctets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 7 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/tx-packets
bridgeMacTxPackets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 8 }

-- tagpath /bridge/mac/tx-octets
bridgeMacTxOctets OBJECT-TYPE
    SYNTAX      Counter64
    MAX-ACCESS  read-only
    STATUS      current
    DESCRIPTION ""
    ::= { bridgeMacEntry 9 }

END
